Enlightened Citizenry - A Resource for Political Information
"An enlightened citizenry is indispensable for the proper functioning of a republic. Self-government is not possible unless the citizens are educated sufficiently to enable them to exercise oversight." -Thomas Jefferson

Use the Sunlight Foundation's Congress API featured in last night's homework, or one of their other political APIs to create a website that provides users with a variety of information about legislators, committees, recent and upcoming bills, and/or any other information you and your partner are interested in.

Before you begin, read the user stories and think through the flow of your application from the user's perspective. How can the information be logically organized and displayed? Also, spend some time in the Sunlight Foundation's "try it!" section constructing sample API calls and exploring the types of information available.

Here are some potential user stories to get you started:

As a user, I would like to be able to look up contact information for my legislators by zip so that I can contact them.
As a user, I would like to see the list of committees in the house and in the senate.
As a user, I would like to select a committee and see its subcommittees.
As a user, I would like to see a list of recent bills.
As a user, I would like to be able to select a bill and see the following information about it: --name and description --sponsor --committee --date introduced --link to the latest version
As a user, I would like to be able to see the name and description of bills that are coming up for votes in the House in the next week (and a count total).
As a user, I would like to be able to see the name and description of bills that are coming up for votes in the Senate in the next week (and a count total).
As a user, I would like to be able to link to the sponsor of a bill and see details about the sponsor, including contact information. (Note: the sponsor id for a bill is the same as the bioguide id for a legislator).
As a user, I want to be able to navigate through the site with a navbar.
As you are working through these user stories, you may think of additional features. Be sure to add them to your user stories list as you go.

Further Exploration
use the Open States API to add US State information to your site
add a feature that uses the Capitol Words API
incorporate information about finances and contributions of candidates
add styling and images
